To support us, all actors, and production members to create great content, please avoid copyright infringement.
Hey, why are you sitting here alone?
Not really.
I don't believe you. I can see from your face.
Where is Ion?
Why?
Are you waiting for Ion?
Just in case you know.
I can help you even I'm not your close friend like Ion.
But I'm Tan's close friend.
Did Tan say anything to you?
No, he didn't.
I know nothing.
I just want to tell you that using your brain for mathematics but your heart for love.
That's all I want to say. See you.
Hey, where are you going?
Our faculty's building is over there.
You're just a distracted. Come here and take a seat.
Please don't hold my hand.
What's wrong with you?
I'm fine.
Please tell me...
I want to know if I have to do anything for you.
I don't know...
I really don't know what's wrong with me.
I've never felt like this before.
Are you jealous?
No, I'm not!
I'm serious about the Calculus examination.
i don't know about today's quiz.
I've not read the book.
Have you read the book?
I have not.
Have you thought about me all night long?
Drivel!
Here you are. You will feel better.
You will think of me while you're doing the test.
Nonsense!
Please try.
Do you like it?
Good!
I will get zero score If I think of you.
Where are Ion and Tik?
They need to go back and help their grandmother.
How about your surprise for Tan's birthday last night?
You surprised him at the shop.
Yes, I did.
It was good.
It was good?
Atom, do you know about the relationship between Tan and Sine?
Tan and Sine?
They're close friends since their secondary school.
Why?
I think when they're together,
they're so happy. I don't know why but I'm happy too when they're together.
And then?
I think my thought is right.
They have not opened their heart to each other.
Has Tan never told you about his feeling for you?
Tan has never shown his feeling for me.
But it's okay if he still care for me as usual.
I see. Are you sure?
Yes, I am.
Leo, do you have class?
Take a seat, please.
How about your surprise last night?
Newton - Sir Nueng's son told you, right?
Yes, of course.
But... there's no surprise from You and Atom.
You just invited me only for alcohol drinks.
Don't change the topic.
Which one do you prefer, Tan-Lin or Tan-Sine?
or Tan-Lin-Sine, Bermuda triangle?
Leo!!
Don't worry.
There's no secret about you. I and Atom can find out.
I don't know what to say...
It's natural, normal, and basic...
about mass and gravity.
Or you can think in the mathematics way about Classical logic - yes or no, clear answers.
which is different from Fuzzy logic - several possible choices.
I hope you will understand what I'm talking about.
Thanks for helping me.
You're welcome.
Hello, Lin.
Tan, are you free for tomorrow tutoring?
Sure.
I made the appointment with you, I won't forget it.
Time flies. When is your examination date?
I think after Chemistry major's examination date.
Good for you. My examination date is too early.
See you tomorrow.
Okay. See you at the Chemistry's building.
Okay, bye.
Okay, bye bye.
What's up?
You look bright.
Why not?
Why are you starring at me?
Why?
There's something on my face?
No. But why he's starring at us?
Now I understand.
It's so good.
That's what I've told you.
If you drink daily, you will have brighter skin.
Newton - Sir Nueng's son will follow you. Would you let me call him?
Tan, stop!
You have the appointment with Lin, don't you?
Yes, I have.
I have to go now.
Hurry!
See you.
Lin, this is for you. I'm afraid you maybe hungry.
Thank you.
Have you waited for me so long?
Just few minutes before you came.
Tell me which parts that you don't understand.
This question, right here.
I see.
And which reports?
This one?
Yes.
This question requires Theory 2.4
Right here.
It's about Trigonometry.
First, you need to know sine, cos, and tan. After that cosec, cot, sec.
It's easy. Can you do it?
This page is similar to this question, you just change this value.
I hope you understand more
because of Teacher Tan.
What time is it?
I'm hungry now. Please allow me to open the snacks.
Sure.
I bought the flavor you like.
and I like it too.
Do you like it?
[If you don't love me, just tell me clearly.]
[Don't cheat on me.]
[Don't break my heart by your pretense]
[If you think I'm not your special, don't make me think I'm special.]
[If you don't love me, just let me go...]
You're always the same, Lin.
Your mouth is so messy while you enjoy eating. Be careful.
Hi, Sine.
Please join us. We're tutoring for the examination.
No thanks. I forgot my stuff at the building.
So I come back to get it.
Where? Let me help you find out.
No thanks. You need to help Lin for the examination preparation.
I can find it on my own.
Tan, you should go with Sine. I understand all you taught and I can review by myself at home.
Do you want me to take you home?
Don't worry. I can take care of myself.
Okay.
Let me know when you're at home safely.
What I've done!
Sine... Sine...
Where are you going?
You should take Lin seriously.
What's wrong with you?
Why do you want me to love the one that I don't love?
Can I love someone that I really love?
Please stop!
You shouldn't do this to me.
It's not funny.
I'm serious about you.
I don't believe you.
You should take someone seriously.
You talk with Lin everyday.
But when you're with me. You always act like this. It's unfair.
I really don't know what you have done to me, just for fun or for real.
What the hell are you doing?
I'm so confused.
How I'm feeling for you right now is totally different from the past.
I'm very happy when I'm with you...
more than when I'm with my family members.
Don't you feel the same?
Or you just pretend that you don't feel.
I pretend that I don't feel anything because I don't want to lose my best friend like you.
We have been friends a long time. I don't want to be your friend anymore. I want to be your love, Sine.
How about Lin? You talk with her everyday. What do you mean by this, Tan?
Today I don't know If I will lose my friend or the one I love.
But I've thought carefully.
And I want to tell you the truth.
I need you. You are my love.
Is it too difficult for us to find the answer and learn each other?
It's over now.
We need to change the problem?
I think this problem can not be solved.
[If you don't love me, just tell me clearly.]
[Don't cheat on me.]
[Don't break my heart by your pretense]
[If you think I'm not your special, don't make me think I'm special.]
[If you don't love me, just let me go...]
[If you don't love me, just tell me to let me go...]
Hi, Lin.
I'm going home.
Okay, sure.
See you.
Actually I want to meet you.
Yes?
I know what you're feeling.
Can I hold your hand?
I think it's good...
if I can hold your hand as the loved one,
take care of each other,
look after of each other,
for good time and bad time,
side by side.
... English subtitle by Natt Tongtep ...
(Directed by SAPPAKOSOL SUPSAVATI)
(Script Writer by NONNAWAT NAWIBOON)